content/talk/robozen-2020/index.md, before:

---
title: Winter School ROBOzen 2020
event: International Winter School on Mechanism Design and Motion Planning for Robotics
event_url: https://robozen2020.events.unibz.it/

location: Bolzano, Italy
address:
  street:
  city: ''
  region:
  postcode: ''
  country: ''

summary: Poster presentation on robot design for dexterous manipulation.
abstract: "More details to follow ..."

#"ROBOzen is oriented to PhD students, young researchers and specialists working in the design of mechanisms and motion planning techniques for robotic and related mechatronic applications.
#International and Italian experts will give lectures in the following topics:
#– Compliant and flexible mechanisms for robotics
#– Parallel and Cable-driven mechanisms for robotics
#– Trajectory planning for robotics
#– Collaborative robots
#– Mobile robots
#All the student participants were asked to present their related research problems through posters and further share and discuss the solutions toward the same."


# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2020-01-27T13:00:00Z"
date_end: "2020-01-31T15:00:00Z"
all_day: true

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: "2017-01-01T00:00:00Z"

authors: []
tags:
- parallel kinematic mechanisms

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'ROBOzen 2020'
  focal_point: Right

links:
#- icon: twitter
#  icon_pack: fab
#  name: Follow
#  url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""
url_poster: "" #'pkm-poster.pdf'

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
- phd-project

# Enable math on this page?
math: true

draft: false
# {{% staticref "files/pkm-2018.pdf" "newtab" %}} PKM-18 Poster {{% /staticref %}}
# {{% alert note %}}
# Click on the **Poster** button above to download the poster presented at the summer school.
# {{% /alert %}}
---

#### Organized by:

- [International Federation for the Promotion of Mechanism and Machine Science (IFToMM)](http://iftomm.net/)
- Faculty of Science and Technology, [Free University of Bolzano (UniBz)](https://www.unibz.it/en/faculties/sciencetechnology/), Italy


---

Commit message:

Events Update
- added details, poster, picture for robozen 2020
- updated pkm 2018
- also updated mytodos

content/talk/robozen-2020/index.md, after:

---
title: Winter School ROBOzen 2020
event: International Winter School on Mechanism Design and Motion Planning for Robotics
event_url: https://robozen2020.events.unibz.it/

location: Bolzano, Italy
address:
  street:
  city: ''
  region:
  postcode: ''
  country: ''

summary: Poster presentation on robot design for dexterous manipulation.
abstract: "ROBOzen was oriented to PhD students, young researchers and specialists working in the design of mechanisms and motion planning techniques for robotic and related mechatronic applications.
International and Italian experts gave lectures in the following topics:
– Compliant and flexible mechanisms for robotics
– Parallel and Cable-driven mechanisms for robotics
– Trajectory planning for robotics
– Collaborative robots
– Mobile robots
Furthermore, all the student participants were asked to present their related research problems through posters and further share and discuss the solutions toward the same."


# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2020-01-27T13:00:00Z"
date_end: "2020-01-31T15:00:00Z"
all_day: true

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate: "2017-01-01T00:00:00Z"

authors: []
tags:
- parallel kinematic mechanisms
- trajectory planning

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured: false

image:
  caption: 'ROBOzen 2020'
  focal_point: Right

links:
#- icon: twitter
#  icon_pack: fab
#  name: Follow
#  url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""
url_poster: 'robozen-poster.pdf' #

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this talk with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects:
- phd-project

# Enable math on this page?
math: true

draft: false
# {{% staticref "files/pkm-2018.pdf" "newtab" %}} PKM-18 Poster {{% /staticref %}}
# {{% alert note %}}
# Click on the **Poster** button above to download the poster presented at the summer school.
# {{% /alert %}}
---

#### Organized by:

- [International Federation for the Promotion of Mechanism and Machine Science (IFToMM)](http://iftomm.net/)
- Faculty of Science and Technology, [Free University of Bolzano (UniBz)](https://www.unibz.it/en/faculties/sciencetechnology/), Italy

---
{{% alert note %}}
Click on the **Poster** button above to download the poster presented at this winter school.
{{% /alert %}}
